Update changelog with info about new classes vs old classes lookup-in… (#1935)
modal-labs/modal-client: CHANGELOG.md

### 0.63.2 (2024-06-25)

> * Fixes issue with `Cls.lookup` not working (at all) after upgrading to v0.63.0. **Note**: this doesn't fix the cross-version from 0.63.0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes issue with `Cls.lookup` not working (at all) after upgrading to v0.63.0. **Note**: this doesn't fix the cross-version lookup incompatibility introduced in 0.63.0.
```

Previously each `@method` and web endpoint of a class would get its own set of isolated containers and never run in the same container as other sibling methods. 
Starting in this version, all `@methods` and web endpoints will be part of the same container pool. Notably, this means all methods will scale up/down together, and options like `keep_warm` and `concurrency_limit` will affect the total number of containers for all methods in the class combined, rather than individually.

> **Version incompatibility:** Older client's (<0.63) can't use classes deployed by new clients (>=0.63) and vice versa. Apps or standalone clients using `Cls.lookup(...)` to invoke Modal classes need to be upgraded to version `>0.63` at the same time as the deployed app that's being called into.       

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Version incompatibility warning:** Older clients (<0.63) can't use classes deployed by new clients (>=0.63) and vice versa. Apps or standalone clients using `Cls.lookup(...)` to invoke Modal classes need to be upgraded to version `>=0.63` at the same time as the deployed app that's being called into.       

```
